### Introduction
This programme was created to help you to keep all your passwords organized, safe and secure. It’s an RSA implementation coded in Java 14, the most recent version with some additional tweaks for extra security.

### How does it work?
User has to create two files. They’ll contain public key and passwords. First one stores value of e, the second encrypted passwords. Please note that n isn’t stored anywhere. It’s generated by the hashCode() method. HashCode value for user password and login is multiplied and then raised to the power of 15 to get significantly bigger number. User’s n is the next prime number larger than the result of preceding operation. You might think that this solution has some cons. It has but they’re minor. In theory there’re multiple possibilities of getting the same result, but keep in mind fact that it’s very unlikely and what’s the most important: the n value is a part of a public key in pure RSA implementation. Hence in the worst-case scenario attacker will get the entire public key which is totally fine. The rest is as usual in RSA algorithm.

### About the programme
Two empty files need to be created. You have to enter the path to them in corresponding lines in Test class. Now you’re pretty much good to go and programme can be compiled. 
At the beginning user has to create an account. He has to press 1, hit enter and then type both password and login for your vault. The programme will calculate and print d value. The user should store it in a secure place such as for example another password manager or he can encrypt it on your own.
Now the user can add some passwords to his vault. Programme will get back to the menu. Please hit 2. The user will be asked to login. Loop will be started. The user has to let programme know how many passwords he would like to add. Now he can enter data he wants to encrypt and we’re done here.
To view user’s valut press 3. Enter login, password and programme’ll do the rest.

### To do list:
 - GUI – URGENT
 - Support for multiple users
 - Override hashCode() method
 - Python port
 - Android app
 - Fuction to remove given webpage from the database
 - Random password generator

### Known issues:
Programme isn’t idiot-proof so for example if you’ll be asked about a number and you enter some string something’ll go wrong and exception’ll be thrown.

### Installation
1. Import project files to your IDE (i.e IntelliJ IDEA).
2. Create file to store pubilc key and encrypted passwords.
3. Build and run.
4. Enjoy the app.
